well I'm now cookie hlo and
I bring you a new gt5 gameplay but
well I do not know what I come to tell you
Today I have a little pissed sorry if
you want me mote we will do
there is no watch that you do not increase the
driving to 100 before having
started but good the important thing is what
that I come to talk about something that I
has passed
but I'll be a bit like that a little fa
down the little ones you will not notice
and then nothing if you do not pass we go the normal
is that when you go to YouTube you go to
have fun whatever and not listen to
someone saying bullshit
I will be then and that I like there
if not good you listen if you have
curiosity
this is going ahead
that this race is over , you will see that it is
a bit strange at the end and I'll
I will comment later
while for power the best is worth
joseba said then that there are people who
lately that's why I was
saying yes he does not know that I
I subscribe if I do not know what to see kid that
the owner of the channel is me uncle but you're going to
blackmail with while whatever
uncle not that no
Mr. read in an example of this
Subscribing agent subscribes to the
I took revenge and he told me lackey whatever and
tells me
I subscribe I do not know why well that channel
is the blockage and at the end
they are shooting me from behind
I almost got killed
those who do not hear each other if you hear the
shots this delayed
I'm going now the position does not look good
to the same mind I am commenting
but good that is that there are people who
have the balls to tell me what will be
subscribe if I do not do not know that you have
that there is me uruguay if you wanted to subscribe
uncle I do not care that you
subscribe that you were
more important in the channel uncle I'm going to
read an example of comment that I have
put on the video that my new upload
autro today I do not know if this
I will come up today or tomorrow I do not know
but
that day 25 is not going to say his name
because it happened is that I did not care
of comment do not know what and I
I become your best suv
respond in less than two days or I
I subscribe and I never see a video
to see the same folios that x that you
say
the better he has laughed for a while
responds in less than two days one of
I subscribe to the top I hurry two days
he wrote business
that really is what this gives me
same here you see what he overtook him
uncle this I do not know why the host
spin suddenly goes first and grabs and gives
the turn and I put myself first and then
how are they going to run to try to catch
I do not know if I would Sobrado
wanted to
in one participant
but also or yes
but it is what told you that what
and esque
I sweat that you do that you have my
videos is that it forced us to see them one
because at the beginning it was that I told you
some that imagine is that the visits
and such but
but now my uncle sweats
if you do not come to blackmail me with
bullshit can write is passionate
angry
Well, what happens is that the blockade
it's as easy as you can see in the
you can comment this video is not already
is
- You can see if you are not of yours
account that but if I do not know either
that, but
but good that that is not the important thing
here is my area and what looks I wanted to roll
but that's it when the race should be
I go first to explain some trick
of many things without more and stretching the
things when the key that I'm going to
get another one and so that the other one does not
can throw me missiles and such that is a
game mode pretty entertaining this and
well nothing
air is the victory of a horse that
I was there
here I leave you is a time that nothing else
world was gathering mail meeting
pretty pasta
and the experience especially there has been
noticed yes
and that helmet I liked but not
until the next kids